---
layout: post
author: sujay adkesar
tags: [SIFT-alternative, BuildYourWorkstation]
---

<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Lato&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">

<br>
<div class="eleven">
  <h1 style="color:cyan;">Linux inside VM 💻</h1>
</div>
<br>


Here, you'll learn how to download and set up Kali Linux and Parrot Security OS, two popular operating systems used extensively in cybersecurity and penetration testing. Both Kali Linux and Parrot Security OS come pre-installed with a wide range of security tools, making them ideal choices for security professionals, researchers, and enthusiasts. Follow the step-by-step instructions below to download and install Kali Linux and Parrot Security OS on your virtual machine using VirtualBox or VMware.

# Download Kali Linux or Parot OS

## Kali Linux

1. Go to the official Kali Linux website: Kali Linux Downloads
2. Choose the appropriate version (e.g., Kali Linux 64-bit) based on your system architecture.
3. Select a download option (e.g., Installer, Live image) and click on the download link.
4. Download VirtualBox or VMware (if not already installed)Follow the instructions provided earlier in this room to download and install VirtualBox or VMware.
5.Import Kali Linux into VirtualBox:
- Open VirtualBox.
- Go to the "File" menu and select "Import Appliance."
- Click on the "Open Appliance" button and navigate to the downloaded Kali Linux image file.
- Select the Kali Linux image file and click "Open."
- Review the import settings and click "Import" to start the import process.
- Once imported, you can find the Kali Linux virtual machine listed in VirtualBox.
- Start Kali Linux Virtual Machine:
- Select the imported Kali Linux virtual machine from the list in VirtualBox.
- Click on the "Start" button to launch the virtual machine.
- Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the initial setup of Kali Linux.

5. (Optional) Customize Kali Linux Settings:
Right-click on the Kali Linux virtual machine in VirtualBox and select "Settings."
- Adjust settings such as memory, CPU, network, and display according to your preferences.
- Click "OK" to save the changes.
6. Access Kali Linux:
Once the virtual machine boots up, you will be prompted to log in.
7. Use the default username "root" and password "toor" to log in to Kali Linux.sometime credentials may kali:kali too!!


<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center;">
  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/oLu1U77qjSc?si=O4ElZsFHkRXWdp53&amp;start=144" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
